updated_quickstart_guides (#217)
ACCIDDA/flepimop2: docs/guides/getting-started.md

# Getting Started

> This guide walks through flepimop2's more advanced features: the system-engine architecture, solver configuration, model specification options, simulation targeting, and the full range of post-processing capabilities. It is intended for users who have already worked through the [quickstart guide](../index.md) and are ready to explore the framework in more depth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide walks through flepimop2's more advanced features. We describe the system-engine architecture, then show how to use that for model specification and solver configuration. We show those elements flow into simulation setup and then post-processing. It is intended for users who have already worked through the [quickstart guide](../index.md) and are ready to explore the framework in more depth.
```

Author: Change applied.

## Prerequisites

Make sure the following are available on your system:

- [git](https://git-scm.com/install/)
- [pipx](https://pipx.pypa.io/latest/installation/)
- [just](https://just.systems/man/en/packages.html)
- [conda](https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/install/index.html) (or [mamba](https://mamba.readthedocs.io/en/latest/installation/mamba-installation.html))

## Installation

```bash
git clone git@github.com:ACCIDDA/flepimop2.git
cd flepimop2
pipx install .
```

## Create a Project

```bash

> flepimop2 skeleton full_start_project

Reviewer: is this happening in the flepimop clone directory?

Author: No, project directory. Clarification added.

```yaml
simulate:
  demo:
    times: [0, 10, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100]
  hires:
    times: 0.0:0.1:100.0
```

flepimop2 defaults to the first defined target when none is specified. To run a specific target:

```bash
flepimop2 simulate configs/SIR_script.yml
flepimop2 simulate --target hires configs/SIR_script.yml
```

Multiple targets in a single config are useful for running quick sanity checks at coarse resolution alongside production runs at fine resolution, without maintaining separate config files.

### Time Specification Syntax

The `times` field supports two formats:

**Explicit list**: Time points are specified directly. Useful when evaluation times are irregular or correspond to observation times:

```yaml
times: [0, 7, 14, 21, 28, 60, 90, 180, 365]
```

**Range shorthand**: A compact `start:step:stop` notation generates a uniformly spaced grid.

```yaml
times: 0.0:0.1:100.0   # 1001 time points from 0 to 100, inclusive
times: 0.0:1.0:365.0   # daily steps over one year
```

The range syntax is particularly convenient for high-resolution runs where listing every time point by hand would be impractical.

> ---

Reviewer 2: Mostly good, however I think it is valuable to demonstrate both specification pathways, so equations *AND* transitions - have a look at the OP_System readme

Author: Understood; have added an analogous system definition that uses transitions instead of expressions.
